a big part of the Victoria University
experience is expanding not only what
you know that how you learn there who of
you would like to go to space
I believe that outreach is a core
component of what a scientist should do
it's a star at the end of its life and
it's forming into this great big ball of
diamond you realize that how we learn is
so much more than just a person talking
in another person listening it's doing
and applying in thinking and breaking
stuff and getting it wrong and doing all
the other stuff that humans actually do
my experience at Victoria has
fundamentally changed my worldview it's
fundamentally changed me as a person
she is a hundred and fifty years old
it's a very human exercise doing science
because you've got personalities you've
got hopes and dreams and epic failures
and in everything else along the way my
experience through science at Victoria
has at its core been about curiosity
it's allowed me to find a way to express
the curiosity that I had ever since I
was a little kid it's easy to be curious
about things but it's really hard to
find answers you guys have all been
roncada
all downstairs and you've seen all of
these facts and things about stars yeah
how do we know them one of the great
things about doing science at Victoria
is that it's shown me how you can find
answers in a world that's full of woolly
messes and squishy biological things
that are really complicated how many
people curiosity is like a little flame
that keeps burning at the middle you get
huge amounts of knowledge you can do
stuff in the lab you get to meet amazing
people from all different walks of life
but that little flame of curiosity is
always gonna start putting out questions
and it's gonna keep putting them out for
the rest of your life
iemon doomed to have these interesting
questions about the world pop up in my
head and I don't think that will ever
change and I would have never had that
without my experiences through science
at Victoria I'm Alf Eldridge and I'm
doing science at Victoria University of
Wellington